update technical docs and README (#116)
fortinet/autoscale-core: docs/autoscale_setting_items.md

| custom-asset-directory | The sub directory to the user custom resources under the custom-asset-container. | false | true |
| egress-traffic-route-table | The comma-separated list of route tables associated with any subnets, which should be configured to contain a route 0.0.0.0/0 to the primary FortiGate to handle egress traffic. | false | false |
| enable-external-elb | Toggle ON / OFF the external elastic load balancing for device in the external-facing Autoscale scaling group(s). | false | false |
| enable-fortianalyzer-integration | Enable FortiAnalyzer integration with the Autoscale FortiGate cluster. | false | false |
| enable-hybrid-licensing | Toggle ON / OFF the hybrid licensing feature. | false | false |
| enable-internal-elb | Toggle ON / OFF the internal elastic load balancing feature to allow traffic flow out the device in the Autoscale scaling groups(s) into an internal load balancer. | false | false |
| enable-second-nic | Toggle ON / OFF the secondary eni creation on each device in the Autoscale scaling group(s). | false | false |

> | enable-vm-info-cache | Toggle ON / OFF the vm info cache feature. It caches the vm info in db to reduce API calls to query a vm from the platform. | false | false |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| enable-vm-info-cache | Toggle ON / OFF the VM info cache feature. It caches the VM info in the DB to reduce API calls to query a VM from the platform. | false | false |
```

| faz-handler-name | The FortiGate Autoscale - FortiAnalyzer handler function name. | false | false |
| faz-ip | The FortiGate Autoscale - FortiAnalyzer ip address. | false | false |
| fortigate-admin-port | The port number for administrative login to a FortiGate. | false | true |
| fortigate-autoscale-setting-saved | The flag whether FortiGate Autoscale settings are saved in db or not. | false | false |
| fortigate-autoscale-subnet-id-list | A comma-separated list of FortiGate Autoscale subnet IDs. | false | false |
| fortigate-autoscale-subnet-pairs | A list of paired subnets for north-south traffic routing purposes. Format: [{subnetId: [pairId1, pairId2, ...]}, ...] | true | false |
| fortigate-autoscale-virtual-network-cidr | CIDR of the Virtual Network that contains FortiGate Autoscale. | false | false |

> | fortigate-autoscale-virtual-network-id | ID of the Virtual Network that contains FortiGate Autoscale. | false | false |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| fortigate-autoscale-virtual-network-id | ID of the virtual network that contains FortiGate Autoscale. | false | false |
```

| fortigate-external-elb-dns | The DNS name of the elastic load balancer for the FortiGate scaling groups. | false | false |
| fortigate-internal-elb-dns | The DNS name of the internal elastic load balancer used by the FortiGate Autoscale solution. | false | false |
| fortigate-psk-secret | The PSK for FortiGate Autoscale synchronization. | false | true |
| fortigate-sync-interface | The interface the FortiGate uses for configuration synchronization. | false | true |
| fortigate-traffic-port | The port number for the load balancer to route traffic through FortiGates to the protected services behind the load balancer. | false | true |
| fortigate-traffic-protocol | The protocol for the traffic to be routed by the load balancer through FortiGates to the protected services behind the load balancer. | false | true |
| heartbeat-delay-allowance | The maximum amount of time (in seconds) allowed for network latency of the Autoscale device heartbeat arriving at the Autoscale handler. | false | true |
| heartbeat-interval | The length of time (in seconds) that an Autoscale device waits between sending heartbeat requests to the Autoscale handler. | false | true |

> | heartbeat-loss-count | Number of consecutively lost heartbeats. When the Heartbeat Loss Count has been reached, the device is deemed unhealthy and fail-over activities will commence. | false | true |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| heartbeat-loss-count | Number of consecutively lost heartbeats. When the heartbeat loss count is reached, the device is deemed unhealthy and failover activities commence. | false | true |
```

| license-file-directory | The sub directory for storing license files under the asset container. | false | true |
| payg-scaling-group-name | The name of the PAYG auto scaling group. | false | false |
| primary-election-timeout | The maximum time (in seconds) to wait for a primary election to complete. | false | true |
| primary-scaling-group-name | The name of the primary auto scaling group. | false | false |
| resource-tag-prefix | Resource tag prefix. Used on any resource that supports tagging or labeling. Such resource will be given a tag or label starting with this prefix. Also used as the name of the logical group for Autoscale resources in those cloud platforms which support such logical grouping. | false | true |
| scaling-group-desired-capacity | PAYG Scaling group desired capacity. | false | true |
| scaling-group-max-size | PAYG Scaling group max size. | false | false |
| scaling-group-min-size | PAYG Scaling group min size. | false | true |

> | sync-recovery-count | The number (positive integer) of on-time heartbeat for a vm needs to send to recover from the unhealthy state. Unhealthy vm will be excluded from being candidate of primary elections. | false | true |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| sync-recovery-count | The number of on-time heartbeats (as a positive integer) that a VM must send to recover from the unhealthy state. Unhealthy VMs are excluded as primary election candidates.| false | true |
```

> | terminate-unhealthy-vm | Toggle for unhealthy vm handling behaviours. Set to true to terminate unhealthy vm or set to false to keep the unhealthy vm. | false | true |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| terminate-unhealthy-vm | Toggle for unhealthy VM-handling behaviors. Set to true to terminate unhealthy VMs or to false to keep the unhealthy VMs running. | false | true |
```

> | vm-info-cache-time | The vm info cache time in seconds. | false | true |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| vm-info-cache-time | The VM info cache time in seconds. | false | true |
```

> | vpn-bgp-asn | The BGP Autonomous System Number used with the VPN connections. | false | true |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| vpn-bgp-asn | The BGP Autonomous System Number used with VPN connections. | false | true |
```
